bump: Add release notes for v1.3.0, v1.3.1, add roadmap for v1.4.0 (#219)
networkservicemesh/site: content/docs/releases/v1.3.1.md

weight = 1
date = "2022-04-29"
+++

NSM v1.3.1 is released via a set of [example use cases](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/deployments-k8s/tree/release/v1.3.1).

## Kubernetes Compatibility
NSM v1.3.1 has been successfully [integration tested](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/integration-k8s-kind/runs/6242058138?check_suite_focus=true) with Kubernetes versions:

- v1.23.0
- v1.22.1
- v1.21.1
- v1.20.7
- v1.19.11
- v1.18.15

## Public Cloud Capability

NSM v1.3.1 has been tested on [GKE](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/integration-k8s-gke/runs/6242555595?check_suite_focus=true), [AKS](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/integration-k8s-aks/runs/6242058435?check_suite_focus=true), [EKS](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/integration-k8s-aws/runs/6015597828?check_suite_focus=true), [Cross public clusters](https://github.com/networkservicemesh/integration-interdomain-k8s/runs/6030822307?check_suite_focus=true)..

## Changes since v1.3.0

### Update spire to v1.2.3

In this version SPIRE addresses CVE-2022-24675, CVE-2022-28327, CVE-2022-27536. See at details https://github.com/spiffe/spire/releases/tag/v1.2.3

### Improved logging for NSM application

> Now NSM its possible to disable mostly all tracing logging with change log level. For this needed just define `NSM_LOG_LEVEL` to something else than `TRACE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible in NSM to disable all tracing logging via log level configuration. For this needed just define `NSM_LOG_LEVEL` to something else than `TRACE`.
```

### Increased dial connection time for registries

> Found and fixed potentiall problem for big production clusters where `100ms` could be not enough to connect to the registry server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found and fixed potential problem for big production clusters where `100ms` could be not enough to connect to the registry server.
```

### Improved stability for vl3 network

Found and fixed critical issue for the creating vl3 network, in v1.3.0 you could face a problem that vl3 network could stuck if you had a few unreachable nses in the registry.

### Increased k8s version for AWS testing

> Previously we tested NSM on AWS with 1.18 k8s version. Recently AWS dropped supprot for this version and we successfully moved testing to k8s v1.21.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously we tested NSM on AWS with 1.18 k8s version. Recently AWS dropped support for this version and we successfully moved testing to k8s v1.21.
```
